Here it is.
Western sorcery
Western Wei Shen was destroyed by me, 3 of them are not honest
Who does your brother usually accept?
Ah, I don't know.
I don't usually care about him
Who is he?
Is it not easy to do? It's a small matter.
Pay more attention to yourself in the future
Master Shen is really a descendant of the world, hahaha
Ah!
I can't do anything to destroy this bead.
It's solved in one move, that's your power
That's Master Shen, he's amazing, hahaha.
What the hell
Didn't the Hessian dragon have a grudge on this day?
How can you be so pure to him?
Ming Ge
Are we going to continue to trouble Shen Long?
I'm scared of shit
Waiting for the force to shake the sky is useless
He is a useless dog
Fight me with what?
Lin Shenru Lao Tzu will kill him sooner or later
Is it solved?
I'm leaving, okay, okay
And don't call again
I'm free, oh yeah.
No screaming, no screaming.
young master
Mr. Shen, the soil is dry under the west wind